hi guys we're here to talk today about
spring detox and spring diets I think
it'll be an interesting conversation
that we'll have with dr. Saudi talking
about what you can do to launch into the
spring season how you can cleanse your
body what kind of exercise food
meditation even yoga you can do to help
get into spring dr. so dy spring a good
time for cleansing and detoxing and what
happens if you skip a spring detox are
there any consequences so good knee
spinning is a natural detoxifier you
know if you see that people get more
sniffles and knows drainage in the
spring season and so Mother Nature has
designed it automatically so if we can
aid that process of detoxification that
would be really good so mother nature
already has designed it we just need to
eat it up and you see that you know
people get more cold and flus and and
allergies in the season and basically
what the Mother Nature is saying hey
have too much accumulation I mean
spinning is a natural detoxifier you
know if you see that people get more
sniffles and knows drainage in the
spring season and so Mother Nature has
designed it automatically so if we can
aid that process of detoxification that
would be really good so mother nature
already has designed it we just need to
eat it up and you see that you know
people get more cold and clothes and and
allergies in the season and basically
what the Mother Nature is saying hey I
have too much accumulation in me let me
get it
what type of detoxes are there I've
heard of fruits veggies fasting high
protein is there any in particular that
you would like to address with the
public so again you know I think my
answers comes going back to the nature
and the best way after doing the talks
is eat what is available in that season
around you know like in the spring
season you see that a lot of new things
are coming up the new leaves and twigs
and stuff you know so that actually
steer us towards getting more vegetables
more roots cut down the grains
historically like even in India and many
other countries people didn't eat grains
in the early spring they completely
avoided grains and that was a clear very
helpful for detoxification and they just
added fruits and vegetable and you know
your question about juicing I don't
personally don't like juicing because I
think you're making concentrated sugar
but if you're making a smoothie you know
add the whole fruit together or
vegtables together and blend it with a
glass of water
that'd be fine and high-protein no I
don't want it to detoxify with the high
protein because proteins are also toxic
to the system if you're doing a weight
loss kind of stuff is initially it's
beneficial but for detoxifying for
spring if you just eat green vegetables
and fruits just enough and a lot of
people have concerns about protein for
example you know just to tell you an
interesting fact like one egg has around
70 to 80 calories and it has around 7
grams of protein if you take 80 calories
or broccoli that is the one head of
broccoli and you know how much broccoli
has the protein what the head has 10
grams of protein so you're not getting
less protein if you get lots of being
vegetable but that green vegetable has
going to be a lot more beneficial
effects on you what does the spring
detox diet look like and how long should
it last okay it's like you know they can
concentrate for seven to ten days and
detoxify the system of seven to ten days
so basically you're whining grains you
can put nuts and seeds in there I can
put more greens and fruits and vegetable
and you can easily survive you not be
hungry hungry actually have a lot to eat
but the interesting part is you are not
getting calorie rich food like oh you're
not gonna eat one head of broccoli you
know you know you maybe eat half a head
of broccoli or one part of spinach
you're not gonna eat one part of spinach
so are you eating a lot of food but they
are a very less caloric wise and that
Italy what you're gonna see some
interesting changes in your skin gonna
start looking wonderfully good your
books gonna change now we talked about
poop all day long you know basically
that is the flora off your gut which is
going to be beneficially affected and
you whole
body is gonna be very very held
available what kind of exercises should
be done while protecting in a spring
detox so that when are you doing any
kind of detox it's not a good idea to
exercise heavily okay because you know
you're putting less calories in your
body and you exercise extra that is
another good but that does not mean you
should not exercise my best way of doing
exercise is interval walking means
you're going slow you're going fast the
slope doesn't mean very slow it's been 3
miles per hour which is will take around
20 minutes for a mile and then you rev
it up to four point five to five mile so
you can do one minute slow one minute
fast yoga breathing exercises unknown
below me know which is taking breath
from left-side in and out for the right
right in and out our alternative nostril
breathing fire breath Sun Salutation is
a phenomenally good exercise and keeping
yourself flexible and active is the way
and I will not do very weight lifting
and stuff in the detox program but later
on you can carry on that one we hope you
guys found everything that we discussed
about spring Spring detox and diets and
cleanses helpful and we hope you guys
enjoy the great outdoors now that the
weather is nicer hopefully in all parts
of the country until next time we'll
join you guys again and living your life
better with the Saudis